BmcITSM- fix duplicate incidents (#35192)
demisto/content: Packs/BmcITSM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_23.md

#### Integrations

##### BMC Helix ITSM

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** fetched duplicate incidents.

Reviewer: due to?
Always good to leave a comment why for future developers.

#### Integrations

##### BMC Helix ITSM

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** fetched duplicate incidents because the integration incorrectly assumed that fetched incidents are always sorted in ascending order and set the last fetched time based on the last incident time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***fetch-incidents*** command where duplicate incidents were fetched due to the incorrect assumption that tickets pulled from BMC Helix ITSM are sorted in ascending order.
```
